feat: add cross chain tutorial part II (#1654)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/build/isc/v1.1/docs/tutorials/cross-chain-nft-marketplace-part-2.md

```solidity
        function _nonblockingLzReceive(
        uint16 _srcChainId,
        bytes memory _srcAddress,
        uint64, /*_nonce*/
        bytes memory _payload
    ) internal virtual override {
        // decode and load the toAddress
        (bytes memory toAddressBytes, uint[] memory tokenIds) = abi.decode(_payload, (bytes, uint[]));

        address toAddress;
        assembly {
            toAddress := mload(add(toAddressBytes, 20))
        }

        // mint the tokens
        for (uint i = 0; i < tokenIds.length; i++) {
            _creditTo(0, toAddress, tokenIds[i]);
        }

        uint nextIndex = _creditTill(_srcChainId, toAddress, 0, tokenIds);
        if (nextIndex < tokenIds.length) {
            // not enough gas to complete transfers, store to be cleared in another tx
            bytes32 hashedPayload = keccak256(_payload);
            storedCredits[hashedPayload] = StoredCredit(_srcChainId, toAddress, nextIndex, true);
            emit CreditStored(hashedPayload, _payload);
        }

        emit ReceiveFromChain(_srcChainId, _srcAddress, toAddress, tokenIds);
    }
```

> We added a loop that calls `_creditTo` for each NFT in the payload. `_creditTo` in turn calls `_mint` to mint the NFT to the receiver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This contract has an added loop that calls `_creditTo` for each NFT in the payload. `_creditTo` in turn calls `_mint` to mint the NFT to the receiver.
```

The full contract code after the modification is as follows:

```solidity reference
https://github.com/iota-community/ISC-Cross-Chain-NFT-Marketplace/blob/main/contracts/MyONFT721.sol
```

## Scripts

> We will add scripts that perform the following tasks, in order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will add scripts that perform the following tasks in order:
```

1- Deploy the `MyERC721` contract to the BNB Testnet.
2- Mint an NFT using the `MyERC721` contract.
3- Deploy the `MyProxyONFT721` contract to the BNB Testnet.
4- Deploy the `MyONFT721` contract, the reciever, to the ShimmerEVM Testnet.
5- Configure the `MyProxyONFT721` contract to send NFTs to the `MyONFT721` contract.
6- Configure the `MyONFT721` contract to receive NFTs from the `MyProxyONFT721` contract.
7- Send an NFT from the BNB Testnet to the ShimmerEVM Testnet.

> 8- List the received NFT on the NFT marketplace.

Reviewer: Please add links to the script headers/.

> Please note that the scripts are named according to the tasks they perform, and the chain they are intended to run on. For example, the script that deploys the `MyERC721` contract to the BNB Testnet is named `deploy_erc721_bnb.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note

The scripts are named according to the tasks they perform and the chain they are intended to run on. For example, the script that deploys the `MyERC721` contract to the BNB Testnet is named `deploy_erc721_bnb.js`.

:::
```

https://github.com/iota-community/ISC-Cross-Chain-NFT-Marketplace/blob/main/scripts/mint_nft_bnb.js
```
You can run the script by executing the following command:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/mint_nft.js --network bnbTestnet
```
### deplpy_proxynftonft_bnb.js

Next, deploy the `MyProxyONFT721` contract to the BNB Testnet and save its address in a file called `MyProxyONFT721_BNB.txt` using the following script:

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/ISC-Cross-Chain-NFT-Marketplace/blob/main/scripts/deploy_proxyonft_bnb.js
```
You can run the script by executing the following command:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/deploy_proxyonft_bnb.js --network bnbTestnet
```

### deploy_onft721_shimmer.js

Deploy the `MyONFT721` contract to the Shimmer EVM Testnet and save its address in a file called `MyONFT721_Shimmer.txt` using the following script:

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/ISC-Cross-Chain-NFT-Marketplace/blob/main/scripts/deploy_onft_shimmer.js
```
You can run the script by executing the following command:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/deploy_onft_shimmer.js --network shimmerevm-testnet
```

### set_trusted_remote_bnb.js

> On the BNB Testnet, make a call to the `MyProxyONFT721` contract to set the `MyONFT721` contract as a trusted remote contract. This will allow the `MyProxyONFT721` contract to send NFTs to the `MyONFT721` contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the BNB Testnet, call the `MyProxyONFT721` contract to set the `MyONFT721` contract as a trusted remote contract. This will allow the `MyProxyONFT721` contract to send NFTs to the `MyONFT721` contract.
```

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/ISC-Cross-Chain-NFT-Marketplace/blob/main/scripts/deploy_proxyonft_bnb.js
```
You can run the script by executing the following command:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/set_trusted_remote_bnb.js --network bnbTestnet
```

### set_trusted_remote_shimmer.js

> On the ShimmerEVM Testnet, make a call to the `MyONFT721` contract to set the `MyProxyONFT721` contract as a trusted remote contract. This will allow the `MyONFT721` contract to receive NFTs from the `MyProxyONFT721` contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the ShimmerEVM Testnet, call the `MyONFT721` contract to set the `MyProxyONFT721` contract as a trusted remote contract. This will allow the `MyONFT721` contract to receive NFTs from the `MyProxyONFT721` contract.
```

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/ISC-Cross-Chain-NFT-Marketplace/blob/main/scripts/deploy_onft_shimmer.js
```
You can run the script by executing the following command:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/set_trusted_remote_shimmer.js --network shimmerevm-testnet
```

### set_min_dest_gas_bnb.js

> On the BNB Testnet, make a call to the `MyProxyONFT721` contract to set the minimum gas required to send an NFT to the ShimmerEVM Testnet. This is necessary to ensure that the sender has enough gas to complete the transfer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the BNB Testnet, call the `MyProxyONFT721` contract to set the minimum gas required to send an NFT to the ShimmerEVM Testnet. This is ensures that the sender has enough gas to complete the transfer.
```

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/ISC-Cross-Chain-NFT-Marketplace/blob/main/scripts/set_min_dest_gas_bnb.js
```
You can run the script by executing the following command:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/set_min_dest_gas_bnb.js --network bnbTestnet
```

### set_min_dest_gas_shimmer.js

> On the ShimmerEVM Testnet, make a call to the `MyONFT721` contract to set the minimum gas required to receive an NFT from the BNB Testnet. This is necessary to ensure that the receiver has enough gas to complete the transfer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the ShimmerEVM Testnet, call the `MyONFT721` contract to set the minimum gas required to receive an NFT from the BNB Testnet. This is necessary to ensure that the receiver has enough gas to complete the transfer.
```

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/ISC-Cross-Chain-NFT-Marketplace/blob/main/scripts/set_min_dest_gas_shimmer.js
```

You can run the script by executing the following command:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/set_min_dest_gas_shimmer.js --network shimmerevm-testnet
```

### send_nft.js

Finally, call the `MyProxyONFT721` contract on the BNB Testnet to send an NFT to the `MyONFT721` contract on the ShimmerEVM Testnet. This script approves the `MyProxyONFT721` contract to transfer the NFT and then sends the NFT to the `MyONFT721` contract.

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/ISC-Cross-Chain-NFT-Marketplace/blob/main/scripts/send_nft.js
```

You can run the script by executing the following command:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/send_nft.js --network bnbTestnet
```

> Please note that the script will take some time to complete, as it waits for the NFT to be received on the ShimmerEVM Testnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::note

The script will take some time to complete, as it waits for the NFT to be received on the ShimmerEVM Testnet.

:::
```

### create_listing.js

> After approving the NFT transfer, let's list the NFT for sale on the marketplace by running the following script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After approving the NFT transfer, you list the NFT for sale on the marketplace by running the following script:
```

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/ISC-Cross-Chain-NFT-Marketplace/blob/main/scripts/create_listing.js
```
You can run the script by executing the following command:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/create_listing.js --network shimmerevm-testnet
```

### buy_item.js

> Finally, let's buy the NFT by running the following script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you can buy the NFT by running the following script:
```

```javascript reference
https://github.com/iota-community/ISC-Cross-Chain-NFT-Marketplace/blob/main/scripts/buy_item.js
```
You can run the script by executing the following command:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/buy_item.js --network shimmerevm-testnet
```

## Conclusion

> In the second part of this tutorial, we manually bridged an NFT from the BNB Testnet to the ShimmerEVM Testnet and listed it on the NFT marketplace. In the final part of the series, we will explore how to create a cross-chain swap contract that allows users to trade NFTs across chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the second part of this tutorial, you manually bridged an NFT from the BNB Testnet to the ShimmerEVM Testnet and listed it on the NFT marketplace. The final part of the series will explore how to create a cross-chain swap contract that allows users to trade NFTs across chains.
```
